Adds Rectangle coordinate parser and associated tests. (#3737)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3737.feature.rst

> Adds Rectangle coordinate parser in `~sunpy.util` and associated tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a helper function (`~sunpy.coordinates.util.get_rectangle_coordinates`) for defining a rectangle in longitude and latitude coordinates.
```
